by the high although i got my minor
backing for some reason now everything
looks humongous I mean wow it is really
big it was never that big before well
that's not a bad thing that's actually a
good thing looks very clear they fixed
it very good i was like all i took of a
month but it was worth the light how
when I got this tonight Halloween you
found track a bottom feeder I got that I
got me Halloween to and Halloween three
for ten dollars I look for halloween
number one but they didn't have it I got
it on VHS though somewhere american
psycho uncut version got that for ten
dollars now i'm going to open up these
suckers here look at this knife that is
a big ol knife right there bam bam bam
i'm jason voorhees i'll cut you dick
anyway I'm just playing folks ain't no
killer winning way let's sit here and
open these I hate these security devices
I like them it's just so damn annoying
let's see if oh my nice but you're not
cut a clean cut right there you slit my
foot that open real nice
but the crazy movie right there take
that they're crazy I hate it when they
put stickers on every single corner I
mean oh my god i already bought it what
I have to fool i'll miss you at all what
are you looking at you're not above it
up who's that cut it open real good
right there you're still back there we
go no it's actually cheaper to buy the
double features and by the movie
separate I saw these on Amazon there
were ten dollars at each brand new I got
Bubba from ten dollars and then they're
on the same CD I believe that was pretty
good bill though I hadn't seen a
halloween six I've seen most of the
other ones though bottom-feeder look for
it crazy by a cover not bad for eight
dollars hopefully it will actually be
good look kind of like a werewolf movie
anyway was opening a movie up here
sitting my life there BAM nice little
cut there till the back there will go by
only got one sticky that's good I hate
it when they put one on every single
corner but is annoying a very annoying
almost dropped my DVDs but uh thanks for
watching and have a good day and I don't
play with knives if dangerous especially
when you got one this big I was just
open it with my eyes open it on the go
slang so y'all have a good day see you
later bye bye
hey Bubba